1. WAP to declare an array of size 10 and accept values through the user and display the values.

2. WAP to accept 10 numbers in array and display the minimum.

3. WAP to accept 10 numbers in array and display the maximum.

4. WAP to accept 5 numbers using array and count all positive numbers and display the counted value.

5. WAP to accept 8 numbers using array and count all positive and negative numbers and display the counted value.

6. WAP to accept 6 numbers using array and count all even and odd numbers and display the counting value.

7. WAP to accept 10 numbers in an array and display the sum of even and odd numbers separately.

8. WAP to accept 17 numbers in an array and print even numbers as a list and odd numbers as a separate list.

9. WAP to accept individual run of a complete cricket team and display the final score and which player has done half century, century, else display only score.

10. WAP to accept 10 numbers using array and copy it in second array and print the second array.

11. WAP to accept 9 numbers using array and print the array in reverse order.

12. WAP to accept 7 numbers using array and copy it in second array in reverse order and print the second array.

13. WAP to accept 5 numbers using array and print the sum of all positive and negative numbers.

14. WAP to accept 10 numbers using array and print the sum of all even numbers and odd numbers.

15. WAP to accept n numbers in an array and print the highest and the lowest numbers among them.

16. WAP to accept n numbers in an array and display and count all positive even numbers and negative odd numbers.

17. WAP to accept values of n size in two different arrays and store their sum index wise in a third array.

18. WAP to accept values of n size in two different arrays and store their product index wise in a third array.

19. WAP to accept n values in two different arrays of same size and store it in one single array.

20. WAP to accept m and n values in two different arrays of different size and store it in one single array.

21. WAP to accept 5 numbers each in two different arrays and merge them in one single array of size 10.

22. WAP to accept 5 numbers each in two different arrays and copy the first array in reverse order and the second array as usual.

23. WAP to accept n numbers in array and copy it in another array in such a way that if the no. is positive, then the copied no. must be negative and vise versa.

24. WAP to accept n numbers in two different arrays and store them in one single array in cross combed order.

25. [LINEAR SEARCH] WAP to accept n numbers from the user in an array and accept another number in a variable and check the number is present in the array or not.

26. WAP to accept n numbers from the user in an array and accept another number in a variable and print its frequency.

27. WAP to accept n numbers in an array and another number and print the index no of all of its frequencies wherever found.

28. [BUBBLE SORT ASC] WAP to accept n values in an array from the user and arrange the numbers in ascending order using BUBBLE SORT.

29. [BUBBLE SORT DSC] WAP to accept n values in an array from the user and arrange the numbers in ascending order using BUBBLE SORT.

30. [BINARY SEARCH] WAP to accept n numbers from the user in an array and accept another number in a variable and check the number is present in the array or not.
